CLEMENT: Previously on
"Justified: City Primeval"...
- Marshal, did you
ever threaten my client?
- Your Honor, the marshal
is not the one on trial here.
- Give me a minute,
and he will be.
ALVIN: I'm way ahead of you.
All the charges
stemming from the incident
in Florida are dropped.
[boom]
WHITMAN: R
aylan, meet
Detective Wendell Robinson.
You're gonna be working
together,
looking into who tried
to kill Judge Guy.
- I promised my kid.
We got
a whole road trip planned
back to Miami.
- We already have a lead
on who's responsible.
You'll be out of here
and on your way in 24 hours.
- Stick around, Marshal.
We'll show you how we get
shit done in Detroit.
ALVIN: I've seen some shit.
Things you and your bosses
don't want to come to light.
- Where did you get this?
- Right where I left it.
In the ceiling
above the shitter.
Okay.
You want to play, let's play.
ALVIN: Look out!
[gunshots]
- Sweety's.
- How you doin', Sweety?
[rain pattering]
[tinny Reggae music
in background]
♪ ♪
[brakes screech]
- Gotta be Isaiah, man.
DEUCE: Nope. Try again.
- Ain't gotta try again.
Isaiah Thomas, the greatest
Piston of all time.
OTIS: He a Judas.
CLAY: What?
OTIS: Kissin' Magic
on the cheek,
then turned his back on the man
when he needed him most.
No wonder they kept that nigga
from the Dream Team.
CLAY: I'm not saying you want
the man to fuck your sister,
but who done more
for the franchise than Isaiah?
- Joe Dumars.
- Mm.
- Yeah, man.
Two rings, '89 finals MVP,
then to the front office
where he built
those mid-2000s teams.
- That's right.
Head of operations.
My man Sweety knows what's up.
[chuckles]
[screen door closes]
[footsteps approaching]
[cocks shotgun]
-
See, this is why
I'm not a big fan of weed.
You sit around
too stoned to think.
- How come you didn't lock
the door?
- Yo, I did...
DEUCE: Obviously you didn't.
- It don't matter much now,
does it?
All that matters now is you get
us the money and the dope.
♪ ♪
[money clips and keys clatter]
- Weed's in the top drawer.
[indistinct singer
continues in background]
♪ ♪
- Fellas, you know why
we rob drug dealers
instead of rich folks
up in Palmer Woods?
Because drug dealers
hold lots of cash
and wait for it...drugs.
And while it's possible
you're the worst drug dealers
in history,
and from what I hear
that ain't the case,
which means
you're holding out on me.
CLAY: That's all we got.
You can search the place
if you want.
- But I don't want
to search the place.
I want you to do it for me.
- Ay, ay, look,
man says that's all there is.
How about you take
what you got,
head on out...
before somebody gets hurt.
[singing continues
indistinctly in background]
- You know what else
I was never a big fan of.
Reggae.
It all kind of sounds
the same to me.
Tell you a fun fact.
Did you know that if you play
reggae too fast,
it becomes a polka?
♪ ♪
[music fades]
[record scratching]
Hey, Sweety...
[ominous music]
Why don't you do me a favor
and, uh, put something else on
would you?
♪ ♪
- Motherfuckin' Judas.
- And, Sweety, you turn it up.
[The Chambers Brothers'
"Time Has Come Today"]
[volume increases]
[gun cocks]
♪ ♪
[gunshots]
[yelling]
SINGER:
♪ Time has come today ♪
- Now you gonna get
the shit for me or what?
[gunshots]
Let's go, man.
- Hey. Come the fuck on.
SINGER:
♪ Time has come today ♪
♪ Hey ♪
[gurgling breaths]
CLEMENT: Ah. God damn it.
Whoo-hoo.
[chuckles]
And you wanted to walk
with that pocket change.
Sweety, you gettin' soft
in your old age, buddy.
You know, Mike and Fin,
they wanted me to kill you.
Ye
ah. Split the thing
three ways instead of four.
You think I'd kill the man
who jammed
with Tommy Fingers
and Red Widow?
Come on, you know
I got your back.
[music continues muffled
in background]
♪ ♪
Now, how about we go back
to your place and celebrate?
SWEETY: All right.
[Mansell clears throat]
CLEMENT: Sweety?
You drove here, right?
Probably shouldn't leave it.
Know what I mean?
[tires squeal]
[The Fabulous Peps'
"I Can't Get Right"]
♪ ♪
SINGER: ♪ Can't get right ♪
♪ Can't
get right,
can't get right ♪
[phone rings]
♪ Can't get right ♪
[ringing]
♪ Can't get it right ♪
- Sweety's.
- Hey, you had
any trouble today?
Law enforcement
of some kind maybe?
- No. Why?
SANDY:
Baby, who you talking to?
Are you talking
to the restaurant?
Can you make sure that
they make those espresso-tinis?
- Yeah. Yeah, yeah.
Uh, listen, I'm gonna need you
to get me a lawyer
because if I spend
too much time inside, Sweety,
who knows
what I might start saying?
[sirens wail]
SINGER: ♪ Can't get right ♪
♪ Can't get right ♪
♪ Can't get it right ♪
♪ Me and my baby had
a fight last night ♪
♪ This is what she told me ♪
♪ Here comes Long Tall Sally ♪
♪ There goes Long Tall John ♪
♪ Pack your clothes...♪
- What do you think?
- You look beautiful.
[banging]
SANDY: [screaming]
[officer shouting indistinctly]
- Hey, fellas,
what took you so long?
SINGER: ♪ Can't get right ♪
♪ Can't get it right ♪
♪ Me and my baby had
a fight last night ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Woke up at 3:00
this morning ♪
CLEMENT:
You could have just knocked.
SINGER: ♪ Lying across my bed ♪
CRUZ: That was me knocking.
SINGER: ♪ In walked my baby
with another man ♪
♪ And made me wish
that I was dead...♪
- Mr. Mansell.
My name is Carolyn Wilder.
I'm a friend
of Marcus Sweeton's.
And I'm gonna be your lawyer.
- Oh, well,
please call me Clement.
Today must be my lucky day.
[door opens]
- [sighs]
[knock on door]
WILLA: I'll get it.
WAITER: Where would you
like this?
WILLA: Over there is good.
How are we this morning,
sir?
RAYLAN: So far so good.
WAITER:
Sure hope you're hungry.
I'm guessing this goes to you.
20% service charge is included,
but additional gratuities
are always appreciated.
Enjoy your breakfast.
WILLA: Thank you.
[door opens]
I wasn't sure what you wanted,
so I got--
- Everything on the menu?
- Is that not okay?
- Nah, it's fine.
I mean, we're on vacation,
right?
WILLA: If you say so.
Willa, I'm telling you,
this is just a temporary snag.
We're gonna be on the road
before you know it.
[phone rings]
- Maybe they forgot something.
- I can't imagine
what that could be.
You know,
this coffee is $34 a pot?
Hello?
Okay. Tell him I'll be down
in a minute.
Thanks.
All right.
[sighs] As we discussed,
should only be a couple hours.
And you stay on the premises.
- What if I want to go out?
- When I suggest you get
off your phone and go outside,
I get rolled eyes.
But now you want to go out?
- Teenage girls
are complicated.
- Wherever you want
in the building.
But you stay on the grounds.
You hear me?
- Yeah, I hear you.
[door closes]
- Details are beginning
to emerge
in the shocking murder
last night
of Judge Alvin Guy
and an unnamed
Wayne County Court employee.
ANCHOR: It is a mystery
that has people on the edge...
[upbeat music]
♪ ♪
ANCHOR 1: The two bodies
were found at 1:00 a. m.
in and around Palmer Park
Golf Course.
- Police say
that the high profile
of Judge Guy
and unconfirmed reports...
- Heck happened to you
last night?
- Earlier this week,
strongly suggest
that he may have been...
SANDY: We went to a club
and then back to his place.
I kept waiting
for you to show up
so we could rob him...
ANCHOR 2: May have been simply
an innocent bystander.
- I spent the night.
You jealous?
- You hear about this?
- Is there something
you to tell me
or is better if I don't know?
CLEMENT: You'd think there'd be
a bounty on that little shit.
A reward you could claim.
ANCHOR 2: Learned
that Police Chief Devon Briggs
and the Wayne County...
- Who could claim?
- You know how many people
woulda paid money...[huffs]
I mean real money
to have this done?
- Maybe somebody did pay.
- Mm-mm. Nope.
It was done for free.
ANCHOR 2: Judge Guy
was a long-time presence...
SANDY:
Don't tell me anymore, okay?
[phone rings]
What's that?
CLEMENT: Don't answer that.
[ringing]
Don't answer that.
- Police have confirmed
exclusively to Fox 2 Detroit
that Judge Guy survived
an attempt...
- Weems residence.
JACKSON: Yes, ma'am.
Two gentlemen asking
for Mr. Weems.
Police.
[click]
- It's the police.
[elevator bell dings]
RAYLAN: You want to be
the good guy?
WENDELL: I'm tired and grouchy
enough to be a natural heavy
if we need to get
into that shit.
RAYLAN:
What are you tired from?
[knock at door]
WENDELL: Morning.
I'm Detective Robinson,
Detroit Police.
This here's Raylan Givens,
U.S. Marshals.
Doorman says your name
is Sandy Stanton?
- That's right. Yeah.
- Said Mr. Weems
is out of town.
- Oh, you're looking for Del.
Oh, yeah, he's gone
on a meditation thingy.
- Mind if we come inside?
- Uh...I-I know this is corny,
but have you got a warrant?
- Warrant for what?
We just want to ask
a few questions
about Mr. Weems.
- Okay.
- I understand you drove him
to the airport?
SANDY:
The day before yesterday. Yeah.
Um, what is it
you want him for?
WENDELL:
You drive him out in his car?
A Range Rover?
- Yeah. Why?
[coughs]
RAYLAN:
Not feelin' too hot, huh?
- Yeah. So sick.
RAYLAN: What do you do
for a living, Sandy?
SANDY:
Uh, I work at the casino.
WENDELL:
Were you here last night?
SANDY: Last night?
Oh, I was at the casino.
Not to work but, you know...
RAYLAN: Did you win?
SANDY: [chuckles] You kidding?
- Puh.
SANDY: I never won a thing
in my life.
WENDELL: You and me must have
the same luck.
- Puh.
- You take the Rover
to the casino?
SANDY: No, no.
My friend drove me.
Sorry.
God.
[blows nose]
Um, Skende
r Lulgjaraj.
He's kinda Albanian.
I was with him all night,
actually.
- Then who drove Del's car
last night?
- Nobody did.
- You didn't loan it
to someone?
- Uh-uh.
God, hey, maybe it was stolen.
- Oh. Well, how about
we take a look?
You got the keys, don't you?
- Oh, God. I-I never know
what I do with my keys.
Uh...
- Maybe we can help ya.
SANDY: No, that's okay.
I-I think I know
where they are.
You boys just sit down
and take it easy.
[coughs]
And I'll be right back.
[coughing]
Sorry. I'm so sick.
[coughs]
[whispering] Hey.
-Hey. They gone?
- No. They're not gone.
They want the keys.
CLEMENT: What keys?
- The fucking car keys.
What do you think,
"what keys"?
CLEMENT: They have a warrant?
They don't have a warrant,
you don't have to give them
no keys.
- [whispering] Do you want to
go out and tell them that?
- [sighs, normal voice] I'm
thinking. Well, it's up to you.
You wanna give them the keys,
go ahead, give them the keys.
- [whispering]
Okay. Keys.
CLEMENT: Oh, hon,
I sorta had a accident
parking the car.
[tense music]
WENDELL: Sandy Stanton.
- Cute little lady.
WENDELL:
How do I know that name?
RAYLAN: I don't know.
But it's certainly got
a ring to it.
Like a movie star.
Kinda name you read
in the paper.
- Or in a case file.
SANDY: What are you two doing?
Talkin' about me?
[giggles] I found them.
- When's the last time
you drove it?
- When I drove Del
to the airport.
[coughs]
WENDELL: Car's in good shape?
- I guess so.
- No dings or anything?
- Oh, shit. Yeah.
[sucks teeth] Tch.
I, uh...I scraped the fender
down on the cement
where you park.
Del's gonna kill me.
[small laugh]
- Tight spot.
- Huh?
RAYLAN:
Down in the parking garage.
- Which fender you scrape,
Sandy?
- Um...it was--it was this one.
The left--the left one.
- You sure?
- Pretty sure. Yeah.
But a lot of times I mix up
my left and right.
RAYLAN: Anybody staying
with you, Sandy?
- Nope. It's...
No, it's just me.
- Anyone here right now?
- [chuckles]
I'm not sure you're being fair.
Don't you have to, like,
tell me what this is all about
or something?
- We got a few witnesses
say a car
looked a lot like Del's
was involved
in a traffic accident
last night.
- Oh, shit.
That's what this is about?
I thought
it was something important.
- You seen
Clement Mansell lately?
- Who?
- Clement Mansell.
Isn't he an old friend
of yours?
- I recall the name.
Sure. Yeah.
- We once picked Mansell up
in a motel room.
I'm pretty sure
you were with him...
if memory serves.
- Well, this has been fun.
But unless you have
anything else,
I think
it's probably time you left.
And you can just leave
the keys with the door guy.
[clears throat]
- Sand
y,
if you remember anything...
Anything at all, you can
reach me at that number.
SANDY: Yeah. Okay.
RAYLAN: [sighs]
- What do you think?
♪ ♪
- Ooh. U. S. Marshal
Raylan Givens.
- Mm-hmm.
- Thought you said
they were cops.
- One of them was.
The Black one.
Said he saw us
that day at the motel.
- What the hell
is a marshal doing here?
- I don't know, babe.
I didn't think to ask.
CLEMENT:
Well, what'd he look like?
Regular old beer-gut dick?
SANDY: No. He was
skinny, almost. Dewy skin.
CLEMENT: Dewy skin?
What's that mean?
Like he's a sweat-er, Sandy?
SANDY: No. He was quiet.
Polite, even.
It's funny, I get the sense
there's some meanness in him.
Otherwise, he was kind of cute.
- Oh, cute, huh?
I gotta see a federal marshal
that's cute.
That'll be one of my goals
in life.
I need you to drive
over to the Rouge
and do me a little favor.
- [huffs] I can't--
Do I have to?
- Baby, I can't go now, can I?
- I need to smoke
a little first, help me relax.
- What I think you need
is one of Dr. Mansell's
special treatments.
- Oh.
- Yeah?
You feel that? Ooh.
Always reliable.
Never gets wimpy
or pouty on you.
- Oh, babe.
CLEMENT: Yeah.
- Baby. No.
- Now, you get back
from your trip,
you can have your medicine.
How's that sound?
♪ ♪
- Just a scrape?
- Sometimes she mixes up
her left and her right.
- Be curious to see
whether her story
about the Albanian checks out.
- What do you think
the chances are
this paint'll match
the judge's Cadillac?
Maybe we should stick around,
see if Sandy runs.
WENDELL: I could do that.
RAYLAN: While we're waitin',
you can tell me
about Clement Mansell.
- Can do that, too.
RAYLAN:
This guy left a trail of shit
from Oklahoma to Detroit.
Nothin' ever stuck, huh?
Nope.
Matcha.
Wife turned me onto it.
Helps your nerves.
RAYLAN: I see.
- It ain't
that $34 room service coffee,
but it does the trick.
- Mansell really that good
or he just lucky?
WENDELL: I don't think luck
has a thing to do with it.
- How'd he get off
the Wrecking Crew killings?
WENDELL: We had him cold.
Eyewitness
to a quadruple homicide.
Would have been five dead,
but one of them takes
a couple gunshots point blank,
lives to tell the tale
of how it was Mansell
who pulled the trigger.
RAYLAN: What happened?
- His attorney appealed
on a federal detainer statute
and he walked.
RAYLAN: Smart lawyer.
Who was the arresting officer?
Raymond Cruz.
What's his deal?
Where is he now?
WENDELL: 32 years on the job.
The world changed, Ray didn't.
Hell of a detective
who just had enough.
I don't know.
Probably fishing
and getting shit-hammered.
[garage door closes]
[tense music]
♪ ♪
WENDELL:
Think she's in over her head
or right where she wants to be?
Maybe in over her head
is where she wants to be.
[lighter clicks]
- [softly] I'm fine.
Okay.
[sighs]
♪ ♪
[gearshift clicks]
[keys jangle]
RAYLAN: Think she's gonna jump?
Didn't strike me as the type.
Well, maybe she's just here
to do a little sight-seeing.
Although, it ain't exactly
picturesque, is it?
WENDELL: [sighs] Not exactly.
I suppose there's
always the third option...
She's here to get rid
of something.
RAYLAN: Mm-hmm.
- Forgot option four.
- Which is?
WENDELL:
She had to take a piss.
[phone buzzes]
RAYLAN: Givens.
CAROLYN: Marshal,
this is Carolyn Wilder.
The attorney from court
the other day.
RAYLAN: I remember.
CAROLYN: I have something
that I wanted to discuss
with you,
was hoping we could do it
in person.
- I'm kinda in the middle
of something right now.
When were you hoping
this meeting would take place?
- My office.
A soon as you are available.
- What's the rush?
CAROLYN: Why wait?
I'll send you the address.
See you soon, Marshal.
WENDELL: What was that?
- I'm not entirely sure.
[edgy music]
♪ ♪
WENDELL: Here we go.
[dark, edgy music continues]
♪ ♪
[truck horn blaring]
Maybe she made us.
- Maybe she just did the math.
- Can't wait to see
where she goes next.
You joining or you got
somewhere else to be?
- ...that he was married,
but he was gonna leave her--
REPORTER: Detroit police said
it happened right behind me
in that parking lot, uh,
right next to that suite.
LIVY: Because, actually, we-we
do have something to tell--
PERSON: Uh, Livy, Livy,
listen to me.
I-I-I can handle this, okay?
I--
LIVY: You're gonna tell her?
PERSON: I-I said I can han--
CHEF: I really like the salty
kind of buttery thing going...
PERSON: No, no! I said no!
Aah!
PERSON: Yeah, y'all in step--
PERSON: Is what they won't
promise, but with that--
[click]
PERSON: Never heard you utter
anything racist.
[click]
[pigeon cooing]
[drum and saxophone music]
♪ ♪
- Hey, yo, miss lady.
Hey, what's goin' on?
Hey, you look like somebody
that could use a nice watch.
Come holla at your boy.
Check it out.
Today's your lucky day.
I got that liquidation sale
goin' on.
Genuine Rolex.
Huh, you like that one?
Get one for your boyfriend,
for your pops, or for yourself.
Don't cheat yourself
when you can treat yourself,
you heard?
- How much?
- For you? 40 bucks.
- For a Rolex?
Hey, what can I say?
I buy in bulk.
- You steal 'em?
- Tch. Man, c'mon. Pfft.
- What kind of metal is this?
- Stainless steel.
- Doesn't feel like
stainless steel.
Yeah, 'cause I get it
from France.
- I like my Rolexes
from Switzerland.
- Yada-yada-yada--look,
do you want the watch or not?
For you, 20 bucks.
- Why would I spend 20 bucks
on something
that's clearly
a crappy knock-off?
- You know what? Bet.
We're done here.
It's a wrap.
Go on about your business.
- I have 7 bucks.
How 'bout 7?
[Big Chief's
"One Born Every Minute"]
♪ ♪
[distant sirens wail]
hief's
"One Born Every Minute"]
- Hey, Sweety.
SWEETY: You all right?
SANDY: Yeah.
Uh, no. I-I don't know.
I, um--it's-it's been a day.
- Want a drink?
- I just gotta pee.
Um, you know what?
I could do with a dime.
That'd be great.
- Run through that eighth
already, huh?
- [chuckles]
Like I said, it's been a day.
[music continues muffled
in background]
♪ ♪
[stall door creaking]
[grunts]
[splash]
SANDY: Oh!
Ohh! God damn it!
[sighs]
♪ ♪
Hey, thanks, Sweety.
[softly] Thanks.
SWEETY:
Sure you don't want that drink?
- Oh, maybe next time.
I-I gotta get changed for work.
♪ ♪
[distant siren wailing]
[train horn blares]
WENDELL: [sighs]
This shit gets better
by the minute.
RAYLAN: Movin' out?
- No. her old partner's stuff
shoulda been out months ago.
You know.
CAROLYN: Marshal.
Why don't you have a seat?
Here and I thought you wanted
to thank me for the drink.
Saw your picture today
in a case file.
Probably taken right before
they locked you up in Milan.
- Uh, who you supposed to be
in that hat?
Travis Tritt?
- Why, Clement, if you just
wanted to see my hat,
you could have walked out
of Del Weems' back bedroom
and gotten a good look then.
CAROLYN:
You have reason to suspect
my client is involved
in the murder of Judge Guy?
- And Rose Doyle, yes.
- And what is that?
- Witnesses.
- Shit.
He ain't got no witnesses.
He's blowing smoke up your ass.
- Not another word
unless I ask you a question.
- Can I ask him a question?
- What is it?
- Was he driving around
in a Range Rover last night?
License number 8--
- He's not gonna answer that.
- No, go on. I want to hear
how you're gonna lay
the judge on me.
- Not another word.
CLEMENT: He's dyin'.
You got this idea
of what happened to the judge.
You just can't get nobody
to, uh, coora--
what's the word? Corrobrate it.
- Corroborate.
Hang around courtrooms
and county jails,
you learn some words,
don't you?
- Yeah, you learn a few things
about lawmen, too.
- This oughta be good.
CLEMENT: Only two kinds of guys
out in the street
chasing bad guys at your age--
ones who got passed over
for the big chair,
and the ones
that just love it so much
they're gonna have to be
dragged off.
Only question
is will they be breathing
when it happens.
- I'ma be real clear.
I called you here to say
that unless you really have
something on my client,
unless you're going
to arrest him,
you're gonna walk away,
Marshal.
Do not harass him
or even speak to him.
Is that understood?
[phone buzzes]
RAYLAN:
You mind if I take this?
CA
ROLYN: When I tell you
to be quiet...
- Hey.
CAROLYN: You do just that.
- Soon. Why?
Is everything all right?
You're not there are you?
CAROLYN: Yeah, I'm not doing
this shit for free.
[indistinct muttering]
CAROLYN: Get out of my office.
- Willa, I'm gonna call you
right back.
CLEMENT: [clears throat]
♪ ♪
- Counselor, you good?
- He's a beauty.
- He kills people.
- You know my job, Marshal.
And I know yours.
- And you're okay?
- [sighs]
I think you mean well.
- But it ain't
none of my business.
- You have a good day,
Marshal.
- You too, Carolyn.
♪ ♪
[mellow music]
[phone buzzes]
- Hey.
- Thought we had an agreement
about you staying at the hotel.
Where are you exactly?
- Near the hotel.
- Willa...
Wherever you are,
whatever you're doing,
I want you to turn
that narrow ass around
and get back to the hotel
and be there when I return.
Or I'm gonna put
a BOLO out on you
and have you arrested.
- I can't tell
if you're joking or not.
Okay. Fine.
- Everything all right?
I gotta get back to the hotel.
But let's go talk
to this girl first.
♪ ♪
[music playing]
[games beeping]
♪ ♪
- Your shift
starts on the hour,
not five minutes
after the hour,
not ten minutes
after the hour.
- Yes, sir.
- I'm not kidding, Sandy.
It's final warning time.
- [whispers] Fuck me.
- What?
- Excuse me.
[coughing]
I already told you
everything I know.
And I haven't heard from Del
if that's what you're
wondering.
- What were you doing
down by the bridge today,
Sandy?
- Do we have to do this here?
- Well, it's either here
or Detective Robinson's
favorite--down at the station.
- Can I drop
these drinks off first?
- She one of them,
what do you call it--
own worst enemy types.
- Oh, I don't know.
I see potential.
- I'll be at the bar.
- Mansell send you
to the bridge,
or was that your idea?
- He didn't send me anywhere.
- What about Sweety's?
You go there for Mansell, too?
SANDY:
He didn't send me anywhere.
I just told you that.
And I go to Sweety's for weed.
Where'd your friend go?
I like him better.
- Last night, a judge
was shot to death in his car.
Maybe he was a good man,
maybe he wasn't.
But the same dude
that killed the judge
took his companion
to a golf course
and put a bullet in her head
where her face used to be.
- I need to get
back to work.
- You went to Sweety's
for weed, huh?
- Helps me relax
when I'm stressed.
- In that case,
way things are goin',
I'd get your hands
on some really good shit.
[music continues
in background]
♪ ♪
Still seeing potential?
[line rings]
- You're never gonna guess
who just showed up at my work
asking about you.
- Want me to drop you off
back at the hotel?
I got no doubt
Mansell put a gun in her hand.
She had it with her
at the bridge.
She must have had it with her
at that bar.
WENDELL: I was just thinking it
was time you bought me a drink.
[engine starts]
[dinner music playing]
- Hi. Good afternoon.
I'm looking for my friend
Raylan Givens' room.
[tense music]
♪ ♪
[phone rings]
Hello? Who's calling?
So instead of Dad
I get stuck with you?
- Yes, ma'am. That's right.
You get stuck with me.
♪ ♪
[Black Nasty's
"Party on 4th Street Pt. 1"]
WENDELL:
Lookin' for Mr. Sweety.
SINGER:
♪ Down on Fourth Street ♪
♪ Goin' to the party...♪
- Marcus!
- ♪ Down on Fourth Street...♪
♪ ♪
- Why don't you, uh, head home?
We'll catch up later.
I'll be fine.
♪ ♪
- Raylan Givens,
Marcus Sweeton.
- I like your place.
- Mm-hmm.
WENDELL:
You know who that dude was?
Sweety here was a monster bass
player back in olden times.
Story goes he was on his way
to a George Clinton session
when he got popped
with a few Zs on him.
That man would've been
featured on "Atomic Dog."
- I'm unfamiliar.
WENDELL: "Atomic Dog"?
One of the greatest
p-funk tracks ever recorded?
"Funky dogs, nasty dogs."
- Sounds bet
ter
when George sings it.
WENDELL:
[chuckles] That's true.
Second time Sweety got popped,
I was there, you remember?
SWEETY: I remember your boot
up my ass.
WENDELL: Lucky for him,
this is Motown.
You get a liquor license
in your mama's name
even if she's dead.
SWEETY: Can I help you fellas
with something?
Or am I just a stop
on the out-of-towner tour?
RAYLAN: Sandy Stanton.
- If that's a drink,
I don't know it.
- She was here at your bar
not but a little while ago.
Used to hang out
with Clement Mansell,
who, back in the day,
was a card-carrying member
of the, uh...
WENDELL: The Wrecking Crew.
- The Wrecking Crew.
- Wrecking Crew...
crew is ancient history.
- Mansell's not.
He's back in town
coincidentally the same time
a circuit court judge
and a young girl
have been murdered.
Maybe you know all that.
Maybe you don't.
RAYLAN: Anyway,
on her way over to your place,
Sandy Stanton
stopped at a bridge
overlooking the Rouge river.
- You worried she was thinking
about jumping?
RAYLAN: That was one
of our concerns, yes.
- But she didn't.
- Mm-mm.
Jumped in her car
and came straight here.
- [inhales]
So you think she was there
to toss a gun,
then had second thoughts
and came here
to toss it instead?
Well, if you lookin' for a gun,
that's easy.
[drawer clatters]
Is it this one?
Or...
That one?
Or maybe...
I can interest
you gentlemen...
in this pretty little .22.
Y'all got a permit to carry?
Now, unless the piece
you're looking for
is one of these
registered firearms,
there's somebody I gotta call.
- Detective Robinson.
You oughta know better
than to come in here,
harass my client,
without calling me first.
WENDELL: Harassment?
Shit, we were just talking
about old times.
Ain't that right, Sweety?
- They're lookin' for a gun.
CAROLYN: Uh-huh.
You got a warrant, right?
WENDELL: [sighs]
You got any more of these?
RAYLAN:
Can I ask you a question?
Are you followin' me?
- You go get a search warrant
and have a good night.
RAYLAN: [sighs]
CAROLYN: See you, Wendell.
WENDELL: Ms. Wilder.
[door opens]
I can get a warrant.
RAYLAN:
By the time you get a warrant,
that gun'll be gone.
Sweety, is there something
I need to know
about all this?
- Mansell's back in town.
CAROLYN: I'm well aware.
He came to see me.
Made it clear to me
that if I wanted
to keep you out of trouble,
that I still represent him.
- [scoffs]
- What you know about that?
- Apophis.
- Who? What?
Serpent god of chaos.
See, the sun god, Ra,
sailed through the skies.
And as this Ra...
[liquid pouring]
navigated through the darkness
of night,
he was attacked by Apophis...
[glasses clink]
Who wanted to kill him
to prevent the light.
Every time Mansell shows up,
bad shit is in the air.
CAROLYN:
Well, as far as I know,
the sun still rises and sets.
And in the immortal words
of Ra,
fuck him.
[phone buzzes]
- It's Willa.
Leave a message.
RAYLAN: Hey, where are you?
- Problem?
RAYLAN:
Yeah, I got a 15-year-old
who doesn't want to listen.
- Not that unusual.
They think we don't know shit.
First two words
my kid learned were,
"Actually, Daddy."
[chuckles]
[door hinges creak]
Willa?
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
CLEMENT: [chuckles] Hey, hey.
There he is. Whew!
Take a seat, cowboy.
You know...[sighs]
We were about ready
to call the cavalry
to make sure you were okay,
Raylan.
You missed dinner.
Chicken fingers.
Never understood
why they call them "fingers."
Fries. Milkshake, extra thick.
I told Willa the dairy thing
could be our little secret
and not tell her mom,
'cause you know
how her mom can get.
[chuckles]
I can't believe it!
You didn't tell her about
your good old friend Clement
after all the time
we spent together at Glynco.
- They used to call you
"Chicken Fat"?
- [small laugh]
Sweetheart, why-why don't you
head upstairs?
- It's early.
- Willa.
- 30 minutes.
- Now.
- What if I have dessert
and you guys order
something to eat?
'Cause I would love to hear
more stuff.
CLEMENT: Whew!
She's a hell of a negotiator.
Even better than her old man.
- For the first time
in your life,
just say, "Yes, Dad."
- You know,
you did a great job.
She's very sweet.
And you are a tough man
to track down, Raylan.
Took me three whole tries
to find the right hotel.
- Stand up.
- [chuckles] What, you gonna
shoot an unarmed man?
Did some diggin' about you,
Raylan.
Interesting story
about you and a man
on a rooftop in Miami.
♪ ♪
RAYLAN: Oop--
- Go to the room.
[classical music playing]
- I was just doing you a favor
trying to take care
of your little one.
- Sorry about that.
- You know, she is a little
young for my taste,
but if this were Kentucky,
I'd be tappin' that a--
[groans]
Whoo. Chicken Fat.
[grunts]
[grunting]
Uhh--uh--uhh--
-
I see you
near my daughter again,
and I'll fuckin' kill you.
Not if I see you first.
[spits]
[exhales]
Whoo!
[chuckles] Yeah. All right.
[uneasy music]
♪ ♪
- [sniffles]
It's not for me to tell you
you're in over your head.
But I ain't been here a week.
And the shit I've seen has
certainly given me pause.
God damn,
Marshal. People are
going to think we're in love.
Every move Mansell makes could
be a move someone gets killed.
I'm tired of waiting around for
the right thing to happen.
Waiting around in murky
waters like this.
That's how you get bit.
(Gunshots and scream)
There's money in these
pages, Sweetie.
A book of secrets or payoffs.
And it is the key.
Your client.
He's a monster who thinks he's
untouchable.
Do I trust you with what I know?
I ain't gonna sleep at night if
this son of a bitch wins.
People do as they will.
The trick is how you react.
Laissez-faire approach,
is that it?
I don't speak Spanish.
FX's Justified: City Primeval
All new Tuesdays at 10pm on FX
Stream on Hulu